Most of the difference between people that succeed and people that don't, is that people that don't give up. They give up sooner than the people that succeed. Sometimes life's gonna hit you in the head with a brick. Don't lose faith. This is a tricky business? - Tricky. I wish it wasn't so hard. When you had that third failure in a row, did you think, I need to pack this in? Never. Why not? I don't ever give up. I mean, I'd have to be dead or completely incapacitated. There are people who've been in the rocketry business for decades who say about you that you don't know what you don't know. Well, I suppose that's true to anyone. How can anyone know what they don't know? But when critics say, you can't do this, your answer to them is? We've done it. Do you believe that your rocket will be the next American rocket to take an astronaut into space? I believe that is the most likely outcome, yes. You know, there are American heroes who don't like this idea? Neil Armstrong, Gene Cernan have both testified against commercial space flight and the way that you're developing it, and I wonder what you think of that. I was very sad to see that because those guys are... yeah. You know, those guys are heroes of mine, so it's really tough. You know, I wish they would come and visit, and see the hard work that we're doing here. And I think that would change their mind. They inspired you to do this, didn't they? Yes. And to see them casting stones in your direction? It's difficult. Did you expect them to cheer you on? Certainly hoping they would. What are you trying to prove to them? What I'm trying to do is to make a significant difference in space flight, and help make space flight accessible to almost anyone. And I would hope for as much support in that direction as we can receive. I'm probably not the guy that most people would bet on. Who wins? It's like a little kid fighting a bunch of sumo wrestlers. Usually, the sumo wrestlers win. We're a little scrappy company. Every now and again, the little scrappy company wins. And I think this will be one of those times. We meet in an hour of change and challenge, in a decade of hope and fear, in an age of both knowledge and ignorance. The greater our knowledge increases, the greater our ignorance unfolds. The vast stretches of the unknown still far outstrip our collective comprehension. We shall send to the moon, a giant rocket more than 300 feet tall, on an untried mission, to an unknown celestial body, and then return it safely to earth. But why, some say the moon? Why choose this as our goal? We choose to go to the moon. We choose to go to the moon in this decade and do the other things, not because they are easy, but because they are hard, because that goal will serve to organize and measure the best of our energies and skills, because that challenge is one that we are willing to accept, one we are unwilling to postpone. And, therefore, as we set sail we ask God's blessing on the most hazardous and dangerous and greatest adventure on which man has ever embarked.
